Bluetooth: Mesh: Shell: Make prov features dynamic (#50180)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/shell.rst

``mesh prov beacon-listen <val: off, on>``
------------------------------------------

> 	Enable or disable printing of incoming unprovisioned beacons. Allows a provisioner device to detect nearby unprovisioned devices and provision them. To enable this command the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_SHELL_PROV_CTX_INSTANCE` must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Enable or disable printing of incoming unprovisioned beacons. Allows a provisioner device to detect nearby unprovisioned devices and provision them. To enable this command, the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_SHELL_PROV_CTX_INSTANCE` option must be enabled.
```

``mesh prov remote-pub-key <PubKey>``
--------------------------------------
	Provide Device public key.

	* ``PubKey`` - Device public key in big-endian.

``mesh prov auth-method input <Action> <Size>``
-----------------------------------------------
	From the provisioner device, instruct the unprovisioned device to use the specified Input OOB authentication action.

	* ``Action`` - Input action. Allowed values:
		* ``0`` - No input action.
		* ``1`` - Push action set.
		* ``2`` - Twist action set.
		* ``4`` - Enter number action set.
		* ``8`` - Enter String action set.
	* ``Size`` - Authentication size.

``mesh prov auth-method output <Action> <Size>``
------------------------------------------------
	From the provisioner device, instruct the unprovisioned device to use the specified Output OOB authentication action.

	* ``Action`` - Output action. Allowed values:
		* ``0`` - No output action.
		* ``1`` - Blink action set.
		* ``2`` - Vibrate action set.
		* ``4`` - Display number action set.
		* ``8`` - Display String action set.
	* ``Size`` - Authentication size.

``mesh prov auth-method static <Value>``
----------------------------------------

> 	From the provisioner device, instruct the unprovisioned device to use static OOB authentication, and use the given static authentication value when provisioning.

Author: Maybe? This is basically a copy/paste from the main.h docs

The Configuration Client model is an optional mesh subsystem that can be enabled through the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_CFG_CLI` configuration option. This is implemented as a separate module (``mesh models cfg``) inside the ``mesh models`` subcommand list. This module will work on any instance of the Configuration Client model if the mentioned shell configuration options is enabled, and as long as the Configuration Client model is present in the model composition of the application. This shell module can be used for configuring itself and other nodes in the mesh network.

> The Configuration Client uses the general messages parameters set by ``mesh target dst`` and ``mesh target net`` to target specific nodes. When the Bluetooth mesh shell node is provisioned, given that the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_SHELL_PROV_CTX_INSTANCE` is enabled with the proper application setup, the Configuration Client model targets itself by default. Similarly, when another node has been provisioned by the Bluetooth mesh shell, the Configuration Client model targets the new node. In most common use-cases the Configuration Client will be dependent on the provisioning features and the Configuration database to be fully functional. The Configuration Client always sends messages using the Device key bound to the destination address, so it will only be able to configure itself and mesh nodes it provisioned. The following steps is a example of how you can set up a device to start using the Configuration Client commands:

Author: That the user has added the internal pov context during init

> The Configuration Client uses the general messages parameters set by ``mesh target dst`` and ``mesh target net`` to target specific nodes. When the Bluetooth mesh shell node is provisioned, given that the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_SHELL_PROV_CTX_INSTANCE` is enabled with the proper application setup, the Configuration Client model targets itself by default. Similarly, when another node has been provisioned by the Bluetooth mesh shell, the Configuration Client model targets the new node. In most common use-cases the Configuration Client will be dependent on the provisioning features and the Configuration database to be fully functional. The Configuration Client always sends messages using the Device key bound to the destination address, so it will only be able to configure itself and mesh nodes it provisioned. The following steps is a example of how you can set up a device to start using the Configuration Client commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Configuration Client uses general message parameters set by ``mesh target dst`` and ``mesh target net`` to target specific nodes. When the Bluetooth mesh shell node is provisioned, given that the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_SHELL_PROV_CTX_INSTANCE` option is enabled with the proper application setup, the Configuration Client model targets itself by default. Similarly, when another node has been provisioned by the Bluetooth mesh shell, the Configuration Client model targets the new node. In most common use-cases, the Configuration Client is depending on the provisioning features and the Configuration database to be fully functional. The Configuration Client always sends messages using the Device key bound to the destination address, so it will only be able to configure itself and the mesh nodes it provisioned. The following steps are an example of how you can set up a device to start using the Configuration Client commands:
```

> The Configuration Client uses the general messages parameters set by ``mesh target dst`` and ``mesh target net`` to target specific nodes. When the Bluetooth mesh shell node is provisioned, given that the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_SHELL_PROV_CTX_INSTANCE` is enabled with the proper application setup, the Configuration Client model targets itself by default. Similarly, when another node has been provisioned by the Bluetooth mesh shell, the Configuration Client model targets the new node. In most common use-cases the Configuration Client will be dependent on the provisioning features and the Configuration database to be fully functional. The Configuration Client always sends messages using the Device key bound to the destination address, so it will only be able to configure itself and mesh nodes it provisioned. The following steps is a example of how you can set up a device to start using the Configuration Client commands:

Reviewer: If you are asking this question, Alex, what are the chances that this will be clear to the user? Maybe we should rather add this information then :)
